Oh, you got here quickly.
Looks like business is bad as usual.
Shut up.
It's packed in here at night.
So, what should I know about that picture?
It'll take a while to explain, but first...
do you know about this?
A game?
It's an MMO for the AmuSphere, the successor of the NerveGear.
Then is it a virtual MMO like SAO?
"Alf... heim Online"?
I heard it's pronounced "Alvhame".
Supposedly means "Land of Fairies".
Fairies?
These feelings I had buried are crying out.
kakushiteta kanjou ga himei wo ageteru
I'll hold on to these steadfast vows.
tashikana chikai wo te ni
Seeking but a miracle,
kiseki dake wo motome
I wander in the unrelenting darkness
kienai yami wo samayou
If I remain here, I'll only be trapped in the present.
doko ni ireba nidoto mirai miru koto dekinai
The moon beckons again tonight,
koyoi mo tsuki ga sasotte
and while I still can't voice my feelings,
mada kotoba dasenai kedo
I continue to scream inside my heart.
kokoro no naka sakebitsuzuketa
These feelings I had buried are crying out.
kakushiteta kanjou ga himei wo ageteru
I'll hold on to these steadfast vows.
tashikana chikai wo te ni
If only I could have become a little bit stronger,
ato honno sukoshi dake tsuyoku nareta nara
I would have flown far above these skies
me no mae ni aru kono sora koete yuku kara
and reached out to the future beyond here.
kono saki ni aru mirai ni te wo nobasu kara
"Land of Fairies," huh?
Is it a casual game?
No, apparently not.
It features an extreme-skill system, which emphasizes a player's skill and encourages PKing.
Extreme-skill system?
It means that players don't have levels.
Each skill is improved through grinding
and combat depends on a
player's physical capabilities.
Sounds tough.
It's like SAO, but with magic instead of sword skills.
I hear that it's all the rage lately.
The reason being that you can fly in it.
Fly?
Since the players are fairies, they have wings.
The game has a built-in flight engine,
which allows for free-roaming flight once a person becomes accustomed to it.
How do the controls for it work?
No clue.
But I hear it's pretty hard to master.
Well, that's a given.
You'd be manipulating wings that humans don't have.
Maybe it's controlled with back muscles.
So, how's a popular game like this related to Asuna?
What do you think?
It looks like Asuna.
I thought you'd agree.
Hurry up and tell me. Where was this taken?
Inside the game—
in Alfheim Online—
at what's called Yggdrasil, or the World Tree.
There's a legendary castle atop this tree.
Players are divided into nine races
and they compete to see who can reach the castle first.
Can't they just fly there?
There's supposedly a flight duration limit, so it's not possible to fly endlessly.
And so, five players piggybacked on each other in order of size and used each other like rocket boosters.
I see.
It's a ridiculous idea, but ingenious at the same time.
Even so, they couldn't even reach the tree's lowest branch, but...
they did take a few pictures.
One of those pictures showed something strange.
A birdcage?
And when you zoom in as close as possible what you get is...
this.
But, why is Asuna in a place like this?
"RCT Progress"?
In other words, it wouldn't be wrong to say Asuna's life is being sustained by me.
Agil, mind giving this to me?
Not at all, but are you planning to go there?
I want to see it for myself.
A game where your life isn't on the line is a piece of cake.
I'll need to buy the hardware too.
It's compatible with the NerveGear.
The AmuSphere is just a safer NerveGear, after all.
Good to know.
Bring Asuna back to the real world.
Until then, our fight isn't over.
Yeah.
Let's all meet up here someday.
I'm being so stupid!
I'm back.
Onii-chan!
Here.
I-I thought I was a goner.
That was careless of you.
You shouldn't eat too quickly.
Sugu, about last night...
Y-Yeah?
Well, how should I say it...
Thank you.
Because of you, I finally snapped out of it.
I'm not going to give up.
I'm going to bring Asuna back no matter what.
Sure.
Give it your best.
I'd like to meet Asuna-san too.
I'm sure you'd get along with her.
Well then, see you later.
The ceremony will be held in a week, on January 26th, in this hospital room.
...you're invited.
Lend me your strength once more.
Link Start!
Welcome to Alfheim Online.
To begin, please enter your
character's gender and name.
Really? So you're that hero, Kirito-kun!
The next step is race selection.
Please choose one of the nine races.
Guess I'll go with this one.
Spriggan, correct?
Your character's appearance will be randomly generated.
Is that all right?
You will now be transferred to the Spriggans' hometown.
We wish you the best of luck.
What's happening?
And here I go again.
Even after having gone through all that.
Anyway, where am I?
It's here!
So what about my stats...
What in the...
Is this a bug?
They're the same as my skill levels in SAO.
What's going on?
Is this SAO?
Wait.
Please... be here.
It's me, Yui.
Remember?
We meet again, Papa.
Yui!
Mama!
You're hungry, aren't you?
Let's have breakfast.
Okay!
Yummy...
Mama...
Papa...
Papa!
Miracles really do exist.
So, what exactly is going on here?
Well, this world isn't SAO.
It's a different one from a game called Alfheim Online.
Please hold on for a moment.
I believe this world is a copy of Sword Art Online.
A copy?
Yes.
The main programs and graphics format are completely identical.
However, they seem to be using an older version of the Cardinal system.
After Argus went under, a company called RCT was entrusted with the post-management of SAO.
In other words, RCT is taking advantage of the Argus technology that they inherited.
But why did my character data remain?
Please let me take a quick look at your data.
There's no doubt about it.
This is the character data of your SAO avatar.
The save data format was practically unchanged,
so the skill levels that were carried over from SAO must have overwritten your base stats.
That's right, my Dual-Wielding skill is gone.
Your items... seem to be missing as well.
It'd be best to get rid of them before an error inspection program notices.
I see.
Okay, what should I do about my skills?
You shouldn't need to worry about that as long as a human Game Master doesn't check them personally.
I-I see.
Forget being a beater, I'm just a cheater now.
What does the system categorize you as?
Um...
I'm seen as an artificial personality program for player support—a navigation pixie.
Hey!
This is how I look as a pixie.
That tickles!
So, do you have admin authority like before?
No, I'm only capable of referencing and accessing wide-area map data.
I see.
The truth is, we might find Asuna—Mama—here.
Huh? Mama?
What do you mean?
Even after we cleared SAO, Asuna didn't wake up in the real world.
I was informed that there's someone who looks like Asuna in Alfheim.
I see...
I have a general idea of where we can find her.
Someplace called Yggdrasil.
That's probably it..
Mama's over there?
That reminds me.
Why did I end up in this deserted forest when I logged in?
I was supposed to have been sent to my hometown.
I wonder.
Maybe your location data was corrupted or maybe there was some sort of interference.
Either way, it'd have been nice if I ended up closer to Yggdrasil.
Oh, so these are my wings?
How do I use them?
There should be a support controller.
Raise your left hand and close it as if you were grasping something.
Um, pull it towards yourself to ascend,
push it outwards to descend,
and move it left or right to turn.
Push down on the button to accelerate,
and release it to decelerate.
You can fly as long as your wings are glittering.
After a certain amount of time, you need to let your wings rest.
All right, I think I got the hang of this.
For starters, can you tell me where the closest town is?
There's a Sylph town called Swilvane to the west.
That's the closest—
What's wrong?
There are other players close by.
Lea... Leafa-chan!
Wait!
Hurry up, Recon.
If we can manage to reach Sylph territory—
Recon, dodge to the side!
Jeez, they're persistent!
Fine then.
Prepare for battle!
What?! We can't!
I'm sure Sigurd and the rest were...
I'll draw their attention for as long as I can,
so take one of them down in the meantime.
I'll do my best.
Show me your capable side for once.
Damn it!
We'll win at this rate.
You idiot! Keep moving!
Sorry!
Recon!
My apologies, but orders are orders.
If you forfeit your money and items, we'll let you go.
What are you being so polite for, Kagemune?
It's been ages since we last fought a girl.
Let's slaughter her.
I'll make sure to take at least one of you down with me.
Come at me if you're prepared to die!
You're a strong-willed girl.
It seems I have no choice.
Landings are going to be the end of me...
What are you doing?! Get out of here!
Three tanks ganging up on one girl?
Now isn't that embarrassing?
What did you say?!
You're out of your league, newbie!
We'll take you out first then!
So...
Is it okay for me to kill these guys?
S-Sure, why not?
It's probably what they were
intending to do to us anyway.
Well then, don't mind if I do.
He disappeared!
Who's next?
Higher and higher, I stretch out my hands
takaku takaku kono te wo nobashite
and pray once more, "Someday, someday."
kitto kitto tte mou ichido negau kara
My endless feelings are lost
tomedonai omoi wa
in these ordinary days.
nichijou ni nomarete
They waver and change shape yet again.
yurameki nagara mata katachi wo kaeteitta
I wonder if I'm too late,
imasara mou osoi kana
but there's no answer in sight.
henji mo nai jimonjitou
Every decision is up to me,
subete wa sou jibun shidai
whether it's the beginning or the end.
owari mo hajimari mo
Higher and higher, I stretch out my hands.
takaku takaku kono te wo nobashite
Flying towards the gentle light, I flap my wings.
yasashii hikari wo mezashite habatakuyo
I embrace the passion
kokoro ni tomoshita
that flared up in my heart
jounetsu mo daite
and pray once more, "Someday, someday."
kitto kitto tte mou ichido negau kara